Why you selected the four other cmdlets and its usefulness during an investigation.

The 4 other cmdlets I selected where partially for usefullness and partially to keep things simple. 

   a. Getting all logged on users
        This seems like somehting I would want to pull to ensure there are no other users logged on that I wouldnt know about
        
   b. Grabbing the 40 newest logs
        Getting the most recent logs is a good way to see what had happened on the computer. This is also something that could easily
        be adjusted to see more logs further back.
   
   c. Checking cmd history 
        Seeing the history of commands that have been entered seems like a really good thing to know.
   
   
   d. Check update history
        Often times updates can cause issues. This is something that is useful as it may show if an update has a corelation to an issue.
   
What did you find the most challenging about this assignment and what did you do to overcome it? Please give your response some thought.

    The most challenging part of this assigment was organizing the script and making sure everything worked together.
    To get around this I created a bunch of seperate functions for everything that needed to be done. 
    This helped me ensure each element was working correctly and if not it was easier to trace down.
    One thing I would have done differently however was the pathing for saving and hashing. I got everything working however if 
    I created a variable or function that could have done it more effeciently that would have been nice.
    
What did you like the most about this assignment and why? Please give your response some thought.

    This lab was really tough and it was by far the biggest powershell lab we had. I liked that a lot honestly it feels like everything 
    really came together on this lab. Even though it took me much longer to do than I would have liked I enjoyed how it really feels like
    I can use powershell to create something more useful.
